src: quic (#44325)
nodejs/node: src/quic/README.md

# A QUIC Introduction

Welcome! You've found the source of the Node.js QUIC implementation. This guide
will start you on your journey to understanding how this implementation works.

## First, what is QUIC?

> QUIC is a UDP-based transport protocol developed by the IETF and published as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QUIC (Quick UDP Internet Connections) is a transport layer network protocol designed by Google and developed by the IETF to improve the performance of HTTP/3. It is published as
```
(i.e., "UDP" is part of the acronym "QUIC")
